Answer 1:
The call for a commodity can be defined as the amount of a commodity which a purchaser is willing to buy at a given charge in a given time frame. There are different factors which have an effect on the call for a commodity and may be extensively classified into classes that are priced elements and apart from rate elements.
Let us first talk about the price factor
•	Price of the commodity itself: This thing talks about a scenario where if there's an excessive charge of a commodity in the marketplace, with the aid of commonplace feels its demand or need or by using the customer shall reduce. In other words, better the price of the commodity lesser is the call for and vice versa. Thus, here call for and fee percentage an inverse relation.
Now we will inspect the apart from charge factors
•	Price of related goods: This involves sub-elements particularly the synthetic items and the complementary items.
Substitute items: As the call suggests, substitute goods are those goods which may be used in location of each other. These items have a direct relation between the call for and the charge of the precise commodity. For instance: tea and coffee are substitute items. Increase in the fee of 1 leads to boom within the demand for some other.
Complementary goods: Now, these are those goods which might be collectively had to fulfill a given want. These items have an inverse relation between the prices and call for of a selected commodity. For instance: automobile and petrol are complementary goods. Increase in charge of 1 will lower inside the call for of the alternative.
•	Taste and desire of the purchaser: Favorable alternate within the taste and choice results in a boom in demand. On the contrary, negative trade in taste and choice ends in fall in call for. This feature has a direct relation between call for and rate of the commodity.
•	Income of the customer: This element is also divided on foundation of sub parts and which might be: Normal goods and inferior items.
Normal items are the ones goods whose call for increases with a boom in earnings. The demand curve for the same is positively sloped demand curve. For example; rice and wheat are regular goods and the demand for such goods boom with an increase in earnings.
Inferior items are the ones items whose demand falls with the increase in profits of a purchaser. The demand curve for the same is negatively sloped demand curve. For instance: Jowar and bajra are inferior items and the demand for such items decreases on a growth inside the income of the purchaser due to the fact now the customer has more money than earlier than and might transfer over from eating jowar and bajra to rice and wheat.
Inferiority of any unique right is a subjective phenomenon this is, for a few a particular commodities is probably inferior and for others the equal commodity is probably regular. For instance: bajra is an inferior commodity for a wealthy man or woman while this bajra turns into a normal commodity for a negative character.
So, those all elements as listed above are the determinants of demand for a particular commodity wherein a few elements follow the law of demand and the others do no longer.
(A)	ICE CREAM
Presently the interest for frozen yogurt might be influenced by the accompanying elements influencing interest of a specific commodity.
Cost OF THE COMMODITY:
In the event that the cost of the desert increments quickly then there is a chance that the frozen yogurt organization may drop their deals.
TASTE AND PREFERENCE:
In the event that the general population builds up their desire for a specific dessert, there are chances that regardless of the possibility that the cost of the frozen yogurt is expanding the interest for the same won't tumble-down as the general population has built up their tastes towards it.
Income OF THE CONSUMER:
At the point when the dessert is dealt with as a typical decent, with an expansion in the cost of it there won't be any adjustment in the interest for the same. Then again if the frozen yogurt is a mediocre-decent, there will be a decrease in the deals or amount requested if the costs increment.
(B) SUGAR
The accompanying elements might influence sugar's request.
Cost OF SUGAR:
With an expansion in value, the request might tumble-down.
It can likewise be said that sugar is a need in today's chance, so slight changes in the cost won't influence the request definitely.
(C) PEN
Following elements might influence the request.
Cost OF PEN:
With an expansion in value, the request might tumble-down.
TASTE AND PREFERENCE:
In the event that a specific pen has somebody's taste over it, then even with an expansion in the value, interest for the same won't be influenced.
(D) DESIGNER JEANS
Following components should influence the request.
Cost OF JEANS:
With an expansion in value, the request should tumble-down.
This implies if the cost of the architect pants ascends, the interest for it should decrease, and on the off-chance that the cost for similar falls, the interest for the fashion pants might increment or grow up.
Salary OF THE CONSUMER
In the event that there is an expansion in the salary, the interest for pants should increment and if there should be an occurrence of a fall in pay, the interest for originator pants might chop down on the grounds that the customer needs supports to buy the planner pants.
TASTE AND PREFERENCE
Positive taste might expand the request, though ominous taste should diminish it that is if the shoppers have fallen for a specific originator Jean then the expansion in cost might not lessen the interest for it.
Answer 2:
A market may be described as a whole region where customers and dealers of a commodity are in near contact with each other. The monopolistic form of marketplace falls beneath the imperfect competition category. The call for the curve for this sort of marketplace is down sloping demand curve in which the common revenue is identical to the marginal sales. It may also be deduced that the call for curves is flatter in form thus greater elastic in terms of the pliancy. Also, such type of corporations is said as partial fee-makers as they have got a partial manipulate over the fees of their merchandise.
Among various other outrageous functions of the monopolistic marketplace, there are two of them explained as follows:
Product differentiation:
Product differentiation is a form of advertising method by way of which the agencies or organizations or firms attempt to make their product particular from their competition in an effort to stand out on my own as victorious or market leader. Organizations generally try adopting this type of strategy wherein there are plenty of manufacturers in the marketplace and that they want to absolutely stand out. This approach is typically followed to gain an edge over the opposite competition.
To face out or to advantage an edge over the others can also be achieved via pursuing a low-cost method and advertising, however as those are valid advertising strategies these are unique from product differentiation. In simple words, the goods in this kind of opposition are differentiated/unequal on the idea of from, size, shade, and many others. This gives freedom to the vendor to exchange as according to its preference that means thereby that there is certain rate making energy inside the arms of the company. However, to sell greater it has to lower down the charge, due to which the demand curve identification down the sloping elastic curve.
Now if we try to take an easy example of product differentiation we will speak of a grocery shop that is whilst we walk into the grocery shop to shop for cereal aisle for a few bran flakes and you'll likely have alternatives namely time-honored bran flakes, probably packaged in pretty simple packaging, or Wheaties. Now there is a very minute distinction among the two as Wheaties is only different in phrases of packaging marking it up as a product differentiation marketing approach.
If we talk of any other example of a good product differentiation we cannot pass over the tech large Google. While in the early 2000s Google took over the hunt engine commercial enterprise it implemented the strategy of product differentiation. though there has been no distinction in the seek outcomes or the hunt high-quality yet there was something distinct with the Google search engine, and which turned into simplest the arrival of the quest engine this is there were best things visible while one visited google.com and this is one the logo of the corporation and to the box in which we type. Now, this turned into a totally simple technique but very powerful in this case as we will see the extraordinary growth of Google over the latest years.

SELLING COSTS:
The merchandising prices square measure prices or those sorts of expenses that square measure incurred by any company for popularizing the differentiated product and increasing the demand for it by generating varied advertisements. It’s renowned to all or any that merchandising prices may be a special feature of the noncompetition market.
Under the right competition and monopoly, the merchandising prices become reserve owing to the presence of consistent merchandise and absence of substitute severally. Advertising is that the most important tool to persuade or to speak to the client about a differentiated product. Such form of expenditure incurred by the firm underneath non-competitive competition to influence shoppers to shop for its merchandise thereto of its rivals is termed as merchandising prices.
According to Edward Chamberlin, merchandising prices square measure the kind of prices incurred so as to change the place or provides a form or desired form to the demand curve of that product. These merchandising prices may be incurred by the firm underneath many sorts like that of advertising or marketing or providing or distributing samples to varied prospective customers. Thus tried all, merchandising prices aim at increasing the general sales of the corporate by raising the demand for the merchandise and eventually dynamical the form of the demand curve of specific or actual product in an exceedingly particular company or firm or organization.
One should perceive that there's a distinction between the assembly prices and merchandising prices as a result of production prices is that the value of direct labor or direct materials or producing overheads that square measure consumed to form the merchandise because the merchandising prices square measure expenses incurred by the firm underneath distribution and selling or advertising of the merchandise. So, eventually, we have a tendency to boil right down to the conclusion that says that merchandising prices square measure vital during this form of competition because the merchandise square measure differentiated in the type of advertising or salaries to the salesmen etc.
Now, these factors have an important influence over the demand for the merchandise or goods as because of a rise in the merchandising prices the value of the merchandise shall increase in totality and therefore if the value will increase the demand for goods falls in step with the law of demand. On the opposite hand, if there square measure less merchandising prices, the value of the merchandise decreases eventually; increasing the demand for that product. Within the case of product differentiation, so as to try to thus, the corporate might incur an enormous analysis investment that is enclosed the value of the merchandise eventually influencing demand of the merchandise via the value issue.
Answer 3a:
Demand for a product may be described as a measure of a commodity which a customer is inclined to shop for at given fee in a given time period.
Elasticity, in general, is known as the responsiveness of one part over the alternative.
The elasticity of call for can be described as the degree of responsiveness of demand to the alternate in the fee of the commodity.
Formula for calculation:
Elasticity of demand = Percentage change in quantity demanded/ Percentage exchange in price
Mr Jagjit, who in keeping with the facts to be had above by the have a look at, multiplied the expenses of VCDs apartment by way of 25 percent. This means that as and when he will increase the rate of VCDs the call for of VCDs shrink down.
When rate of a commodity increases its demand decreases and vice versa. Due to the expanded expenses Mr Jagjit is able to sell handiest fewer products which due to which his overall revenue goes down.
Numerically,
Price elasticity of the VCDs is identical to 0.7
Price and amount demanded in keeping with the records given above inside the look at.
P = 10 percent (increase)                            Q = 7 in percent (decrease)
Price and amount demanded in Mr Jagjit’s case :
P = 25 percent 				Q = x
Price elasticity = percentage trade in amount demanded/Percentage alternate in charge
0.7 = 7-x /15
10.5 = 7 – x
10.5 – 7 = x
x = (-3.5)
This is indicative of the percentage exchange in amount demanded.
Negative sign denotes the lower in trade in the amount demanded.
Percentage change in quantity demanded = 7 - x 
    = 7 – 3.5
    = 3.5 percent
Therefore, through this numerical, it's far clear that as and while charge will increase the demand decreases which in the long run result in a drastic fall in the general revenue of the product.
CONCLUSION:
A case in which the proportion trade in quantity demanded is greater that is it ends in fall in revenue then the product is stated to be elastic.

Answer 3b:

Business cartels can be described as a business aggregate wherein distinct corporations promoting same product come together to revel in the benefit of monopoly in any marketplace.
All the situations that deliver up push to an oligopoly market are inside the same way conducive to offer up push to a cartel this is, cartels have a tendency to upward thrust up in handiest the ones markets where a restrained number of sellers of a specific commodity and each seller or firm has a great market proportion. The oligopolistic corporations commonly be part of or input into cartels to increase their marketplace proportion and all the members work collectively to decide the extent of output each member can generate and, the rate is collectively determined by the contributors to fee from their buyers. So by using running together the contributors get the possibility to behave or act like the monopolist.
It can be said that the very lifestyles of cartels have a terrible effect on the clients due to the truth that it ends in a better fee inside the marketplace for the particular commodity. Some cartels are healthy in nature that is shaped to interact with services and products while a few deal within the illegal exchange, for example buying and selling pills.
The oil enterprise has constantly been pro toward cartels and monopolies and before there was OPEC there was fashionable oil. The Organization of Oil Producing Exporters or OPEC is a much extra recent phenomenon as compared to standard oil. The 12 member corporation now manipulates oil prices via controlling the delivery of the resources. This is can be done because it owns the biggest oil reserves inside OPEC and Saudi Arabia is the swing manufacturer among all others. All in all, the dominion determines the cartel’s manufacturing degrees or extraction ranges and all the other individuals abide by way of it.
Now this case should be kept in mind right before a set of humans plan to create a cartel or enter in to it that after mounted, cartels are very tough to keep and the problem is that the participants of the cartel generally tend to cheat on their settlement to restriction the manufacturing degrees. And through doing this, this is to offer more than the limit the contributors try and increase their percentage of earnings in the overall income of the cartel. 
This problem that we discussed has affected and plagued the company of oil generating exporters that is OPEC cartel and many others which can be gift and this motive in a way explains the exact mystery about why are there most effective a confined quantity of cartels around the sector.
