Answer 1:
Various challenges Rajesh could face in terms of organisational behavior are as follows:

A. Globalization – The global has turn out to be a worldwide village. The needs and goals of customers are converting, agencies are now not restricted to their home obstacles, and labor is becoming increasingly cellular. We do see the quantity of income McDonald’s being a U.S. Based organization has in India, Burger-King (British firm) sells its burgers within the United States, further, Nokia (Finland based totally agency) recruits many workers from India, Ford builds its vehicles in Brazil, Coke (U.S. Based company) has made an amazing presence in the Indian market with its merchandise.
Implications for managers – Globalization affects directors in two approaches: 1) An exile leader desires to discuss a workforce that might be going to have altogether extraordinary requirements, desires and yearnings from the ones that they're conversant in overseeing in their international locations of foundation. 2) They need to recognize the manner of existence of the community people and figure out the way to adjust their administration style to those distinctions, which turns out to be extraordinarily primary for the achievement of business operations. One of the principle identification features to be controlled by the ostracize administrators is to have the affectability to recognize the person contrasts among individuals and show resistance to it.
B. Managing workforce differences – Diversity in the work environment implies uniting people of various ethnic foundations, religions and age bunches into a durable and beneficial unit. Progresses in correspondence innovation, such as, the Internet and mobile phones, have made the commercial center a more worldwide idea. To survive, an association ought to have the ability to regulate and utilize its distinctive workplace satisfactorily. Administering grouped qualities in the work environment ought to be a touch of the way of life of the alliance. Bear witness to that a large part of your work drive approaches from contracting to movements and raises depend on upon specialist execution. Do without permitting residency, ethnic foundation or some other sort of class into your HR methods. Dealing with an alternate work environment starts with solid blueprints of significant worth from the affiliation. Once these techniques are set up, the affiliation can start acknowledging changing qualities measures all through the alliance.
Suggestions for supervisors: Managers must be more customized instead of being summed up. This implies they ought to perceive the individual contrasts and ought to treat everybody similarly, without separating. Thusly, associations can hold their workers and can enhance the efficiency as well. In the event that workforce assorted qualities is not overseen viable by giving unequal treatment or favoring a couple of classifications of individuals, then it is likely that there will be high turnover, low creation and a greater amount of relational clashes.
C. Stimulating innovation and change – Today's organizations must be capable of implementing innovation and alternate with a purpose to make success within the international of difficult competition. Nowadays most effective those agencies that preserve flexibility, constantly upgrade their products and procedures, keep on specializing in nice, beat their competition by way of constantly popping out with new services or products can live to tell the tale. For example, Amazon.Com is setting up a number of e-book stores by using promoting its books via the internet, Nokia continues on launching new series with stronger functions and higher best and beat their competitors with a regular movement of modern services and products.
Implications for managers: The fundamental undertaking for managers is to stimulate employee creativity and tolerance for exchange.
Improving ethical behavior: The complexities in business have forced the workforce to face many ethical problems, where they are supposed to define what is right and what is wrong. The unethical practices found in organizations are:
•	treating employees unequally
•	giving unequal pay for equal work
•	discrimination
•	producing products that are harmful to the society
•	openly targeting their competitors and customers
•	Forced selling.
Following unethical practices have become a common practice for many successful executives, who use inside information for personal financial gain, tap the competitor’s employees to know their strategies, and whistleblowing (whistleblowing is a code of misconduct). (To make this point more clear you can watch the Bollywood movie “CORPORATE”, which shows how executives use their own, as well as their competitor’s employees to win the game). There is no clear demarcation between good/bad or ethical behavior being practiced in corporate; differentiating between right and wrong or just and unjust or fair and unfair has become more ambiguous. Another example of unethical practice may be of the product MOOV, where they advertised clearly against IODEX, which, if you apply would spoil your clothes. Similarly, COKE in one of their ads showed a little boy who wants to drink COKE but is unable to press the button of the vending machine due to his short height. He presses the Pepsi button, which he can easily reach and receives two cans. After that, he stands on those 2 cans of Pepsi and presses the coke button and gets a can of coke. The Pepsi can remain as they are and eventually the boy satisfies his thirst and leaves the place with coke! These examples are cases of unethical behavior as companies cannot directly attack their competitors.
Implications for managers: Managers must evolve the code of ethics to guide employees. Managers should organize various training programs, seminars, workshops that will help the employees to improve their ethical behavior. Companies can also take help from consultants, lawyers and voluntary service organizations to deal with ethical issues more adequately. But first, it is the top management who has to practice and exhibit positive ethical behavior to create an ethically healthy climate for its employees, where they can do their work productively and can lower the ambiguities of right or wrong behavior.

Answer 2:
The Trait Theory: This theory makes use of traits (attributes) to understand pioneers and non-pioneers. The characteristics related to authority as indicated through this speculation have seemed in fig below. The attributes that display strong initiative are as per the following:

Intelligence: this alludes to the mental ability of a man and is just a direct indicator of authority. The intelligence quotient (IQ) of a person may be used as a qualifier for high administration occupations, yet as soon as the excessive place is accomplished, a practical pioneer likewise indicates extremely good degrees of emotional intelligence (EI). EI helps a pioneer to relate to the emotions of others. Many individuals experience that Carly Fiorina, the expelled pioneer of Hewlett-Packard, had a high IQ, yet a low sympathy for the general populace around her and neglected the human components of her picks.
Extraversion: Extraverts have better social and relational abilities. They’re greater enthusiastic, decisive and self-assured. As extraverts are more overwhelming, they upward thrust as not unusual pioneers. As an example, Steve Ballmer, the CEO of Microsoft, is an extraverted pioneer.
Good faith: Conscientious individuals are looked after out, attempted and genuine, orderly, activate and accomplishment organized. They step up and are determined in everything they do.
Openness: Open to trade, check, liberal, explanatory, fundamental, unfastened thinking about, adaptability.
Confidence: self-based, lone, innovative, individualistic, and independent.
Integrity: Effective leaders show genuineness and trustworthiness. Such pioneers are more reliable.
Advantages of Trait Theory
• It is generally pleasurable hypothesis. 
• It is legitimate as parcel of studies has authorized the established order and premise of the speculation. 
• It fills in as a measuring stick in opposition to which the administration attributes of a person can be evaluated. 
• It absolutely relies upon on genuine investigation or tough statistics. Dissimilar to three extraordinary hypotheses, the person revels in or subjectivity of the scholars is not taken into consideration in the first-class speculation.
Implications of Trait Theory

The quality hypothesis provides valuable information about authority. It will be connected by people in the least levels in an exceedingly big choice of associations. Administrators will use the information from the hypothesis to assess their place within the association and to survey however their place will be created more grounded within the association. They will get an internal and out comprehension of their character and the means they're going to influence others within the association. This hypothesis makes the chief conscious of their qualities and shortcomings and so they get a comprehension of however they will build up their administration qualities.
Mr. Narendra Modi's identity attributes as indicated by the Trait hypothesis
Intelligence: Emotional data is that the basic nature of a good pioneer. Pioneer with EI in any field keeps up their position not as a result of their post however rather attributable to their fitness. our nation has faithfully gathering of political pioneers UN agency carry on such quality that is clear from raja smash Mohan rai to Mahatma Gandhi and truthful pt. Jawaharlal Nehru to current to current PM Narendra Modi. It absolutely was the political administration with EI that sent chance to our kin and currently, it's this political initiative that quickening our development means by coping with their feelings and feelings of people during this nation.
Extraversion: At the age of sixty-four, energy and commitment of Narendra Modi benefit oral communication. He plays drums in Japan and answers inquiries in conferences with certainty and power. He turns into a wellspring of motivation and inspiration for his colleagues which pulls the trust out of them and urge them to figure tougher to accomplish their goals.
Conscientiousness: Modi foreign terrorist organization is energetic about murmur work or cause and what is more about his half as a pioneer. People can react all the more transparently to a person of energy and commitment. Pioneers ought to have the capability to be a wellspring of motivation, and be a spark towards the desired activity or cause. In spite of the real fact that the duties and elements of a pioneer may be distinctive, the pioneer ought to be believed to be a chunk of the cluster operating towards the target. This kind of pioneer will not be reluctant to maneuver up their sleeves and get filthy.
Openness: folks have various discernment regarding it, with unsteady cases. Some could like his dynamism, some could decision upon his activity introduction, and a few could scrutinize him in addition. In any case, one reason that is extremely sure is his openness to thoughts and speaking with them to find the foremost correct thanks to altering a difficulty. This openness necessitates discourse, taking manages, investigation, feedback on the face, and cruel examination. In any case, a pioneer UN agency bears this in AN open area can convey merchandise for he has tuned into the substances. This belief system of straightforwardness and dependable nothing was mirrored through the ideal use of innovation.
Self-regard: With clear vision and center, this chai wala was resolved to carry out one thing wonderful in life. His diligent work and charming identity created his fantasies happen. He includes a commendable character and is consistently dedicated to magnificence. A pioneer with high confidence doesn't feel debilitated by others thoughts. a person with high confidence will not have a difficulty with giving the subordinates an opportunity to be engaged and end extraordinary things. High confidence makes the pioneer have to be compelled to see the simplest in others as they realize in themselves the positive qualities on the earth and it's appropriate with regards to Modi foreign terrorist organization.
Integrity: Modi foreign terrorist organization includes a commendable character. It’s of most extreme significance that a pioneer is reliable to steer others. A pioneer ought to be trustworthy and be glorious to hold on with their existence with genuinely and uprightness. An honest pioneer "strolls the discussion" and in doing per se gains the privilege to own obligation on others. Real knowledgeable is formed from regard for the good character and dependableness of the individual UN agency leads.
Answer 3a:
Types of Conflict in business

Based on utility of conflict
The traditional view is that all contentions are damaged and blocks the execution. The human relations see trusts that competition is a characteristic event in all gatherings and institutions that it cannot be worn out and might even add to collecting execution. The Interactionist see honestly empowers conflict at the suspicion that an agreeable, serene, quiet, and helpful amassing is inclined to getting to be evidently static and non-receptive to necessities for alternate and advancement unless they preserve up enough clash to maintain the collection practical, self-fundamental, and imaginative.
Based on the organizational effects
In mild of this, we order it into utilitarian and useless clashes. Practical and helpful styles of contention bolster the goals of the gathering and beautify its execution. Undertaking war identifies with the substance and goals of the work. Low-to-direct levels of errand strife are beneficial and reliably show off a positive outcome on gathering execution because it animates dialog, improving bunch execution.
Based on choice
• Approach – approach battle which happens when a man must pick between two positive and comparatively appealing choices.
• Avoidance – Avoidance strife which happens when a man must pick between two negative and comparably appalling alternatives.
• Approach – avoidance strife which happens when a man must fulfill something that has both positive and negative outcomes.
Based on levels of conflict

• Individual-gather battle – Here, the general population wind up in strife with social occasions.
• Inter-gather strife – This incorporates battle between get-togethers of people, paying little respect to the measure of the social affair. Joined into this arrangement, thusly, is interdepartmental conflict inside affiliations.
• Organizational level conflict – Conflict can moreover exist between affiliations.
Intrapersonal Conflict: 

Intrapersonal conflict takes place inside a person. The experience occurs inside the individual's psyche. Eventually, it is a kind of contention this is mental inclusive of the man or woman's considerations, characteristics, requirements, and feelings. relational clash may also are available in various scales, from the much less complex normal ones like deciding on whether or not to move natural for lunch to ones that may affect actual selections, as an instance, selecting a vocation manner. Furthermore, this kind of rivalry may be very difficult to discuss at the off danger that you assume that it’s tough to decode your inward battles. It prompts tension and uneasiness, or can even bring about dejection. In such events, it's miles pleasant to search for a method to relinquish the anxiousness through talking with different people. In the long run, whilst you land up out of the situation, you may grow to be greater enabled as a person. Therefore, the revel in evoked a positive change with the intention to help you to your very own development.
Conclusion: Rohit fills in as an architect in a style company yet considering the fact that latest months he is not content material with the type of work he has done. He wishes to back off to shape industry from where he first hails. He is truly not geared up to move in his gift work and it seems in his behavior as he snaps at people without a moment's notice. consequently, we will kingdom that this kind of rivalry is an intrapersonal battle as it's miles generally esteem related, wherein pretending predicted of the person does not accommodate with the features and convictions held by means of the individual. Mr. Rohit turned into upbeat inform industry besides he is presently filling in as a creator in a stylistic topic enterprise. He isn't always content material with the part he's arranging in this affiliation as a result of which he cannot focus on his current work.
Answer 3b:
Intrapersonal – A man or woman might also suffer intrapersonal conflict for numerous motives. They are:
Cognitive conflict – A highbrow discomfort created by trying to meet incompatible desires.
Inter-role conflict – Occurs while emotions are incompatible with the dreams. For instance, the want to grin at the customers after a sad event at domestic.
Inter-role conflict – Occurs whilst a person reports battle the various a couple of roles in his or her lifestyles.
Intra-role conflict – This is conflict within a single role. It regularly arises while someone receives the conflicting message from position senders (the people who region expectancies on the person) about a way to perform a certain function.
The most effective method to explain an intrapersonal conflict
In the wake of recognizing what is that is making you feel the way you feel, search for an action that can help you clear your psyche.
Another arrangement is conversing with a mining companion or a natural that can help you conquer your contention and bolster you.
In the event that the issue is developing and escaping your hands, then search for expert help, since it can wind up being truly unsafe
More serious issues created as a result of intrapersonal clashes
• Anorexia
• Bulimia
• Depression
• Death
Above all else you must be quieted now of comprehending the contention, along these lines it is less demanding to converse with the individual you are having the contention with and attempt to settle your disparities. When you can decrease the hatred, everything would be less demanding. Being in the other individual's position may likewise help since it would make you understand that the other individual can likewise be harmed. This will settle it.
At the point when a contention is intrapersonal, it is regularly settled through one-on-one instructing and comments from put stock in companions or experts. Bit by bit, the works through their old tapes bringing on the issue. Arrangements are found by welcoming the individual to develop new, more practical reactions to strife circumstances.
As per the arrangements have given above, after are the choices accessible with Mr. Rohan:
1. Mr. Rohan can leave this employment and back pedal to his past organization where he is making the most of his work and is alright with and will bring about occupation fulfillment.
2. Mr. Rohan can likewise change himself with his new occupation and employment prerequisites.
